Now, let's look at another test on the screen to see if we can change owners.
If you see, we have the first test we already looked at.
Then, we have the second test that we looked at.
Now, we have a third test here again using an 'it' block,
and what we're trying to do is run a test,
you give a description of the test, you can change owners.
Again, a function within the function.
Of course, I'm using the async keyword,
so I can use await syntax just because everything in blockchain is asynchronous.
So, this is what we're doing right here.
So what we're trying to do is we're trying to see if we can actually change owners.
So, just like in the previous test,
we will first claim a star with a star owner's address, and then,
we will again claim the star with the second owner's address, and then,
we will run a test to make sure that our new owner is now the second user's address.
We're changing owners, we're claiming a star for one address.
We, force assert it to make sure that gets changed,
and then we're claiming a star with another owner's address,
and then we're making sure that this can actually change owners.
Fantastic. Now, let's go run
these two tests that we just wrote down to make sure everything works fine.
Let's go back to our terminal again.
Again, in my development console,
the rearmament console here.
So, now, again, we're giving,
in fact, let me make sure if I've saved the file.
Fantastic. Let's go back to our terminal and let's run the tests.
Great. So, we see now we have two tests,
all three of them passing,
even the two new ones are passing. So, great.
Again, wanted to mention that it is very,
very important to write as many test cases as
possible to test your smart contracts to make
sure that your contract behaves the way it is intended to
do before we deploy it to any public network.